[ATO-1151] Parentheses in button title overwrite button payload in rasa shell (#12534)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/12534.bugfix.md

> Buttons in `rasa shell` are now correctly parsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rich responses containing buttons with parentheses characters are now correctly parsed.
```
Added a bit more detail, and also I don't think this is just a rasa shell utility, please double-check and reintroduce if it's just rasa shell.

Author: Yup it's not just shell it's interactive too.

> Previously any characters between `()` in response took precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously any characters found between the first identified pair of `()` in response button took precedence.
```
